docs: add docs (#21)
getoutreach/stencil-golang: docs/service-activity.md

# Service Activity Framework

> The service activity framework is a simple framework allowing plugin-able go-routine powered extension points. All of the features of `stencil-golang` are implemented using this framework (`grpc`, `http`, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service activity framework is a simple framework allowing pluggable go-routine powered extension points. All of the features of `stencil-golang` are implemented using this framework (`grpc`, `http`, etc).
```

## How it Works

The framework is implemented by using the [`async.Runner`](https://github.com/getoutreach/gobox/blob/c8a5b56788ef7a8ad27373c63febf6f993e1a1b0/pkg/async/async.go#L48) interface for every activity. ([`async.Closer`](https://github.com/getoutreach/gobox/blob/c8a5b56788ef7a8ad27373c63febf6f993e1a1b0/pkg/async/async.go#L53) is also implemented for activities that need to close resources.). Each activity is started in [`async.RunGroup`](https://github.com/getoutreach/gobox/blob/c8a5b56788ef7a8ad27373c63febf6f993e1a1b0/pkg/async/async.go#L136) and waits for the following conditions:

 * An activity errors
 * Context is canceled
 * SIGINT is received

When any of those conditions are reached, all activities' are stopped and their `Close()` function (if applicable) is called. It is up to the activities to gracefully shutdown. However, as a special case, if `SIGINT` is received a second time, the program is forcefully terminated. This allows users/service runners to shutdown when needed.

## Adding a custom service activity

> <!-- TODO(jaredallard): It'd be nice to have a full tutorial here, but for now this is good -->

Author: I'm actually going to punt this until _after_ smartstore stuff is moved out. Otherwise the docs will be out of date because the interfaces are going to change

> <!-- TODO(jaredallard): It'd be nice to have a full tutorial here, but for now this is good -->

Reviewer 2: nit but if you don't want to forget you should create a ticket then
